Francis.
It's painful, I know,
but try to remember.
Go back to that time.
Go back.
Fran, it's me.
Fran?
It's me.
Come on, doll. Open up.
You getting any sleep?
They were good boys.
It might do you some good
to get out of the house.
I'm worried about you, Fran.
And I wish you'd let me pay
for their funeral.
Give Jack and Benny
a nice send-off.
I could talk to Father Vincent.
- I'm sure--
- Why?
So people can shove tissues
in my face
and tell me it was God's will?
I don't need a public display
to mourn my boys.
Oz has been coming around
the store a lot lately.
Says you won't speak to him
and barely look him in the eye.
Oswald has always been
so goddamn needy.
I'd made peace with it. I did.
That he was different.
But now, what he's done,
I can't.
What's he done?
Fran?
I found this in his coat.
I don't...
He was with 'em, Rex.
He lied to me.
He came home,
actin' all sad,
like he was the victim,
but he knew.
My babies were drowning
in those tunnels,
and he didn't say
a goddamn word.
He had every chance,
every goddamn chance,
to say somethin',
to do somethin',
anything, to stop it.
- He's a kid.
- He locked them inside.
The room where they found them,
the cops told me,
they had to pry the fuckin' door
open to reach 'em.
If I had known,
if he had just...
I coulda saved 'em.
They'd be here with me right now.
But Oswald didn't want that.
No. This is what he wanted.
Me. All to himself.
I got the devil
in my house, Rex.
What the hell
am I supposed to do?
There are a couple different ways
to handle this type of situation.
If Oz is what you say,
well, guys like him,
they can serve a purpose,
go on to do big fuckin' things,
especially in my line of work.
But you gotta know
how to control them.
Mostly, guys that come to me say
they're lookin' to make money.
Now, that's fine.
But greed don't buy loyalty.
I want loyalty,
I bring in guys
who are lookin' for a father.
Guys like that
got a void to fill.
They'll do anything for me.
Now, Oswald...
he don't need a father.
He's got you.
He's devoted to you.
You can use that.
Foster what he's got,
embrace it, raise it.
Maybe he'd be great.
Or maybe not. I don't know.
You have to bet on him to see.
You want me
to look the other way?
Ignore what he's done?
What kind of mother
would I be...
if I...
I can't.
Well then, maybe let him go.
By "let him go," you mean...
You'd be willin' to help me
with somethin' like that?
Ma?
I got dinner for ya.
You're up.
Get dressed.
We're goin' out.
Go on. Your suit.
Ma, look who's here.
Yeah, sweetheart.
Rex is gonna
drive you home later.
- Really?
- Really.
I know I been absent lately,
so I wanted to make tonight
extra special.
I know you miss 'em, Ma.
I do too.
No, wait.
Everything's all right.
- Francis.
- Wait. What are you...
Let's just try and stay
in the moment, okay?
Huh?
You're with Oswald,
your son.
You took him
to the jazz club, Monroe's.
Go with it.
I did...
That's right.
Ma?
I'm gonna take care of you, Ma.
You know that, right?
You've been workin' so hard
for the three of us.
It's gonna be easier now.
I'll get a job.
And I got all kinds of ideas
on how to make cash
on the side, too.
Yeah, you sound like your father.
That ain't true.
I mean what I say.
What do you want?
Tell me, and I'll get it.
What do I want?
You got it all figured out,
don't you?
Look at you.
Your balls have barely dropped,
and you're gonna take care
of me?
Of course
I'm gonna take care of you.
I'd do anything for you.
I see you, Ma.
In ways that other people don't.
I see the way you smile
when you want people to think
you're enjoying somethin'
you ain't.
I see how you smoke more
when you're thinkin',
and you drink more
when you're sad.
I see how hard you work,
how smart you are...
and how you wish the people
who matter would notice...
or the people like that
wouldn't matter at all.
No one else believes in you
like me.
No one else is gonna give you
what you deserve.
I'm gonna get you
out of the Eastside, Ma.
Put you up somewhere real nice.
Better than what we got now.
Yeah, better's easy
than where we are.
The best then.
On the top floor,
in a penthouse, like you want,
with a view
of the whole friggin' city.
I'll get you expensive clothes
and-and jewelry.
Nice shit, too.
The kind where people see you
on the street and think,
"She's important."
And if you don't believe me,
well, you don't gotta.
'Cause I'm gonna prove it to ya.
Every damn day.
Just...
Just don't give up on me.
Come on, Ma.
Dance with me.
Left here. Left here.
Come on. Come on.
What is that?
Oh, my God.
Fuck. Oz.
Hey, he could be hurt.
We gotta get down there.
- Oz is probably dead.
- Gonna be crawling with cops.
You don't know that, all right?
We gotta check. Let's go.
Your friend has put us
in a dangerous position.
- Let's get outta here.
- Wait. Wait. That's it?
We're here for the product,
not the Penguin.
Wow. You're all a bunch
of fucking cowards,
you know that?
What did you say?
What the hell
do you even stand for?
What, are you gonna let
the Maronis and Gigantes do
whatever they fuckin' want?
This is my neighborhood!
Look at it!
The whole world, they treat us
like-like we don't matter,
like we're fuckin' nothin'.
Are you just gonna run away now?
That's bullshit!
Watch what you say.
You gotta know your place,
or you're gonna catch a bullet.
Then you really don't matter.
Let's go.
I need you to step back.
Stand back!
Move it!
- Go back to your homes!
- What homes?
Stand back!
It's not safe!
Can't go in there.
Victor!
Zeke.
Hey, man, what happened?
Where's Oz?
Sofia...
She blew it all up.
What about Oz? Did he get out?
It's time to wake up.
Oz?
It's been a minute.
You know,
when Berto and I were kids,
we found this nest
out by the greenhouse
with two baby birds inside.
One of the birds
was bigger than the other one...
stronger.
And the mama bird
gave it more food.
And I got nervous
for the smaller bird.
It was so weak and frail,
you know?
I... I thought
it was going to die.
But then one morning,
when the mama bird was away,
the smaller bird...
viciously attacked
the bigger bird...
and killed it.
And then it just pushed
its brother out of the nest.
It was the most disturbing thing
I had ever seen.
At least... at the time.
Can you imagine?
Doing something so terrible
to your own brother?
But that's not even
the wildest part.
When the mama bird came back
and saw that one of her babies
was missing,
guess what she did.
Nothing.
Instead of punishing
the smaller bird,
she kept feeding it,
caring for it
as if nothing even happened.
Do you think
the mother knew, Oz...
what her baby did?
Francis, what do you think?
Should we find out?
Whaddya say?
Share some hard truths?
It might bring about
some healing.
Oz?
Would you like to start?
You fuckin' psycho!
What is this shit?
Talkin' about birds!
Jesus Christ!
You don't like my story?
Ma! Ma, look at me!
I'm gonna get you outta here.
I swear to God, Ma.
I swear to God
I'm gonna get you outta here.
- Oz... you're right.
- Ma!
It was a stupid story.
And you have
the better one anyway.
So...
tell us what happened.
What are you talkin'...
What happened when?
Tell us why
you left your brothers to die
in those tunnels.
What the hell
are you talkin' about?
Why did you tell your mom
you weren't with them?
Why did you lie to her?
What the hell
are you talkin' about?!
Stop pretending.
She knows. I know.
We all know what you did.
You done somethin' to her.
What the fuck
did you do to her?!
You act like
you tell her everything.
And she acts like
she believes you. Why?
Why are you both so afraid
of the truth?
- Ma!
- It's so sick.
Ma!
It's almost as sick
as you asking that man
to kill your son.
Rex, right? Was that his name?
What kind of weird fuckin' games
are you tryin' to play?
Shut up. Shut up.
Just shut up.
Your last night together
was going to be here,
at this club.
Right, Francis? Am I right?
Was it over there?
Where you two danced?
Is that where Oz made you
his promise?
God damn it, stop.
I just wanna know.
- Was it worth it?
- Fuck you.
Did he give you
everything that you wanted?
- Did he fulfill his promise?
- Fuck you. Fuck you.
Ma.
Or do you wish
you would've let Rex
take him for that ride?
What did you lose
by keeping him alive?
I know what I lost...
what he took from me.
He deserves to know
what he did to you,
how you feel about him,
and how... how angry you are.
Tell him.
Yeah.
Fine.
Julian.
What the fuck?
What are you doin'?
Stay away from her!
Ma! Don't fuckin' touch her!
Don't you fuckin' touch her!
Don't fuckin' touch her!
- No! No!
- Oz, was it my brother's right
or left pinky
that you chopped off?
Jesus, no, Sofia!
- It was the right.
- Hey! Don't fuckin' touch her!
- Oswald!
- Don't fuckin' do it!
- No! Jesus!
- Oswald!
Here's the thing.
Just because
somebody knows something,
doesn't mean that
they don't need to hear it
- from the person who hurt them.
- Don't. Sofia, don't.
I will never get that
from my father.
But I'm offering you
the opportunity
to give it to your mother.
No!
She deserves the best.
Doesn't she?
- No! No!
- Oz, doesn't she?
- So give her your best.
- Sofia, don't fuckin' do it!
Just don't do it!
She did nothin'.
It's very simple.
All you have to do
is tell the truth.
Tell her what you did
to your brothers,
and tell her why,
and then we can all
take a breath.
This is fuckin' insane!
I already told ya,
I didn't do fuckin' shit.
I don't know what
you're fuckin' talkin' about.
Oz!
Don't! God damn it, don't!
I did nothin'!
I wasn't even there!
- She knows that. Stop!
- Admit it.
I wasn't even with 'em.
I didn't do shit.
- What is wrong with you?
- She knows. Ma!
Just tell her for her sake.
Tell her I was with you.
It's my fuckin' finger,
you spineless prick!
I was with you.
Jesus, just say it. Tell her.
I already fuckin' know.
I know what you did
to Jack and Benny.
I always known.
Lies.
You're gettin' things confused.
It's just your disease talkin', Ma.
Fuck you!
I hate you. I hate you
for what you did.
I never stopped hating you.
That's enough.
You woulda let me cut it off, huh?
You woulda let me do it.
Because you don't care
about her.
- Fuck you.
- You don't.
Not enough.
Not like you say.
You don't feel a fuckin' thing.
Oswald.
I had enough to give, Oswald.
I had enough to give
all three of you.
You didn't have to leave 'em
down there.
You didn't have
to take 'em from me.
They were my babies.
My world.
Your brothers.
You're a disappointment.
You're a waste of space.
I wake up every goddamn day
sick that I'm your mother.
She's right.
She's fuckin' right.
I shoulda let Rex kill ya
when I had the chance.
You're the devil.
You're the goddamn devil.
Ma.
Jack?
Benny.
My babies.
I'm sorry.
Ma.
I'm sor--
I'm...
Ma!
Stop him!
Come on. I got you. I got you.
You're gonna be all right.
She just fell.
She just hit her head.
She's not making sense.
She's got this condition,
Lewy body,
dementia-type thing.
Ma, you're gonna be all right.
You hear me?
Stay in the waiting room.
We'll find you.
Gonna be able to fix her, right?
We'll do everything we can, sir.
Just stay nearby.
GC1 is live at the scene
of chaos in downtown Gotham.
Rescue workers pull bodies
from the rubble
as authorities continue
to search for the cause
of a deadly explosion
in Crown Point.
Oz, it's me again.
I'm worried, all right?
Just call me back.
Please call me back.
Kid, where the hell are ya?
Oz!
Fuck.
Oz?
In here. Shut the door, kid.
Holy shit!
What happened? Are you okay?
Yeah.
Sofia, you know, she stabbed me.
She fucked with my ma too.
Wh-wh-what did she do to her?
Just, uh, pass me
one of those, um...
yeah, patch, bandage thing.
Fuck.
Your mom, is she all right?
Yeah, she will be.
I'm sorry, Oz.
I-I-I got there too late.
I tried the gangs. I tried to...
m-m-make 'em see,
but they... they just left.
It ain't you, Vic.
It ain't you.
Just the way it is.
I got nothin' left
to offer 'em, so...
That's not true.
No. You're wrong.
Oz, it's not just
about the... th-the drugs
or-or the money.
I mean, that's...
that's part of it, sure, but...
I mean, guys like Link,
h-he believes in you.
- Link?
- Yes.
Link's a fuckin' deputy, kid.
Can't do shit
without the Dai Lo.
God damn it, Oz, listen to me!
You gave people jobs
in Crown Point.
You got the power back on.
Yeah.
Nobody did that.
All right? Nobody else did that.
Nobody even tried.
You gave people dignity.
Bliss? That's bigger than Bliss.
All right? So...
G-get the hell up. Let's go.
Get your shit together
and, uh...
you know...
be you.
Y-you, uh...
You practiced that, huh?
Shut up.
No, no, it's good. It's good.
You gotta project more,
you know, from your gut.
All right, let's get the fuck
outta here. Help me up.
All right.
Sofia's gonna be
expectin' a brawl.
So we're gonna come
at her sideways, all right?
What about your mom?
She'll never look
at me again, all right?
Unless I get this done.
Got a promise to keep.
Thank you for making the trip
across the bridge.
I know it's a hike.
This was my father's home.
And as you can imagine,
a lot of... terrible shit
happened here.
Now...
What I wanna know is...
Who wants it?
I don't think we're quite clear
on what you're offering.
I'm leaving Gotham,
Mr. Zhao.
There's nothing left
for me here.
But my home,
my territories,
my businesses...
can all be yours.
Well, not all of yours.
Whichever one of you
brings me Oz first.
He's dead.
He's not.
I'm gonna make this very simple.
Whoever finds Oz first
can have all the means
to control Gotham...
for as long
as they can hold onto it.
This isn't real.
Right?
You want us to believe
you're gonna walk away from...
all of this?
Why would you do that?
Because I can.
So, who wants it?
All right, you stay put.
Don't do anything
that might call attention
to yourself, all right?
We may have to get out of here
real quick.
- Yeah.
- Here, put the gun in the glove.
All right, how do I look?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Yeah, you look... It's good.
- No blood, so...
- Yeah, good.
Lookin' the part's
only half the thing, you know.
- Mmm.
- All right.
Into the fuckin' lion's den.
- Link?
- Victor.
You with Oz?
Um...
I know he's alive.
Sofia just put a bounty
on his head.
Listen, you were right.
We gotta do something.
But we gotta do it fast.
Come on. Tell me where you at.
Jesus Christ.
What the fuck, Oswald?
I did what you asked.
If anybody sees me
in here with you, I'm--
Fuck.
It works.
You, uh...
come a little closer,
Councilman?
Nice acoustics in here,
but, you know,
I prefer not to shout.
Come on. I don't bite.
There you go.
Listen, I never got the chance
to thank you for helping me out.
Crown Point's prettier with lights.
But they're, uh...
They're pullin' bodies out
of the rubble down there now.
It's fuckin' tragic.
People are pointin' fingers,
you know.
I mean, I guess
most of the fingers
are gonna be pointed
at City Hall.
"Fuck the man."
You know, that kinda shit.
And if the voters want answers,
sure would be nice
to have some, right?
- Answers?
- Yeah.
Like what kind of answers?
Answers like the truth.
Sofia Falcone, she sent
a car full of explosives
into the tunnels under the city.
Mm-hmm.
The damn thing went boom.
And why would she do that?
Because...
that hole in the ground
used to be
the biggest drug lab in Gotham.
Run by a real smart
motherfucker, too.
Salvatore Maroni.
He's pushin' a new street drug
called Bliss.
And you know all this how?
Listen, I try to stay out
of these kinds of things,
all right? But the headline is:
it's the same old war.
The Maronis and Falcones
rippin' each other off.
The Maronis kill
Sofia's brother.
She goes full psycho.
She burns Sal's wife and son
to a crisp,
blows up
his entire fuckin' operation.
I mean, what a girl!
I gotta give her some credit.
- That's quite a story.
- Yeah.
Is any of it true?
Yeah, it's fuckin' true.
When the cops dig
in that hole,
you know what
they're gonna find?
They're gonna find little pieces
of Sofia's G-Wagen
and a bunch of dead Falcones
and Maronis...
including Salvatore himself.
It is what it looks like.
You know that...
your line of work.
And this looks like
an unhinged, angry broad
got out of the loony bin
and went on
a fuckin' killing spree.
But, Councilman, look,
you got an opportunity here
to give the people
someone to hate...
and...
someone to love.
Sebastian Hady, that's the guy
who turned the lights back on
in Crown Point...
restored people's dignity,
locked up the last Falcone,
ended a fuckin' drug war
that's plagued
these city streets for decades.
How does that sound?
Sounds nice.
Nice?
You fuckin' piece of shit.
That's the kind of win
that you can ride
all the way to the top,
Councilman.
And in return?
In return...
Might be good to feel welcome
in a place like this for a change.
You know, meet some
of those friends you got.
Hell, maybe, uh...
one of these days,
we'll bump into Bella Reál.
You know?
You're gonna have
some trouble, Oz.
Reál, she's forming
a commission, anti-corruption.
They're going after cops,
city officials.
- Good.
- And they have a list
of Carmine's associates.
They're gonna subpoena you.
You wanna be welcome?
You gotta look...
clean.
As a fuckin' whistle...
pal.
Mayor-Elect, what can
you tell us on Crown Point?
Coordinating with GCPD.
All hospitals triaging.
We're still searching
for survivors,
but we need more resources.
- Okay.
- I'm relying on it.
Oz.
The fuck's this?
Get in.
Mr. Zhao.
I have Oz.
- Fuckin' relax, Jesus!
- Come on.
Should we bring him
to the house?
Uh, I'm actually...
packing up
the last of my things.
Why don't I meet you
at Goodwin International?
Hangar five.
Congratulations, Mr. Zhao.
And to you.
Ma'am.
Thank you, Mr. Zhao.
Will you, uh, end things here
or drop him over the Atlantic?
See if the Penguin can fly?
Zhao...
Hand it over.
Slow.
What do ya say
you and me go for a drive?
Just like old times, huh?
Were you goin' somewhere?
I was hoping to.
What did you say
to get Link to turn?
I'm sure you...
promised him something.
Yeah, yeah. What you
and the Dai Lo never would.
A shot.
A chance to be somebody.
Link was tired
of being overlooked.
He ain't the only one neither.
Years of being
brushed aside,
laughed at, told to eat shit
and fuckin' like it.
It breaks ya.
Makes ya wanna break
somebody else.
Figured you woulda
understood that, you know,
considerin'...
But you... you and your kind,
you're so busy fillin'
your own fuckin' plate.
You don't see that
everyone around you is starvin'.
You got no idea
what it feels like,
born into nothin'.
Havin' to smile
at the person
whose boot's on your neck.
Hopin' one day,
they'll look down,
see ya there, and just let up.
You know what people'll do
to push that down?
They'll do fuckin' anything.
Anything to push down
that feeling.
You think
I don't understand that?
Right.
It doesn't matter.
Oswald Cobb...
man of the people.
That's right.
That's what you need
to believe, huh?
Here we are.
You don't wanna put your gun
to my back...
make a big show of it?
Nah. You ain't the type to run.
How's your mom?
Has she told you
she loves you yet?
Turn around.
You were right.
I didn't see you.
But she did.
She knew it
from the very beginning.
You have always been a monster.
You're never gonna find peace,
you know that?
A sick fuck like you.
You're going to hell...
sweetheart.
I'll save you a seat.
On the ground!
Hands behind your back.
Now!
Get her up.
There she is. You all right, Ma?
Get some cups.
Snuck you in a little whiskey
to celebrate.
Fuckin' did it, Ma.
Fuckin' beautiful.
This is what I'm talkin' about.
Look.
...to the crooked politics
that have allowed
wealthy elites
like Sofia Falcone
to wreak havoc...
This is all me.
...on the hardworking people...
I fed him this bullshit.
Look at him spittin' it out, Ma.
What do you think?
What do you...
Ma?
Thank you, Councilman Hady,
for your...
- Ma?
- ...continued service.
Ma.
Ma, look at me.
- Oz...
- Jesus fuck!
Help-- Vic, she needs some help.
Get somebody in here.
Get a doctor in here.
Get a doctor!
Ma, Ma, Ma, look at me.
We need some help here.
Please!
Hey, come here. Look at me, Ma.
- Hey, hey! Help!
- Look at me, sweetheart.
- Ma. Come on.
- Sir?
There's somethin' wrong.
You gotta help.
We've been looking for you
but didn't know how
to reach you.
Why aren't her eyes
fuckin' movin'?
Your mother has suffered
a serious stroke.
What?
I'm so sorry.
What... what's goin' on?
I'm afraid
the stroke has left her
in a persistent
vegetative state,
and given your mother's age
and her Lewy body diagnosis--
Whoa! What the fuck
you talkin' bout?
You sayin'
she's a fuckin' vegetable?
Her fuckin' eyes are open. Look!
She's lookin'
at fuckin' somethin'.
I'm so sorry.
Stop sayin'
you're fuckin' sorry!
- Sir--
- You're another fuckin' idiot.
Get the doctors in here!
Get the fuckin' doctors in here!
Get a fuckin' doctor in here!
Come on, doll.
Look at me.
I did it.
I took it all
from those pricks...
like you said.
I'm the fucking king.
Fuck, Ma.
Ma, don't do this to me.
Ma, just don't do this
to me, all right?
Ma, you can't do this to me,
please!
You gotta tell me--
Just tell me you're proud of me.
Ma, tell me
you're proud of me, please!
Come on. Just once.
Just tell me you're proud of me.
Tell me I did good!
I did it for you, Ma!
I did it all for you,
the whole thing!
Your son, I'm the fucking king!
It's what you wanted, Ma.
It's what you wanted.
Ma, please, just once...
Just once...
Don't feel like it should.
No.
Don't know what happened.
She was fine.
Everything I ever done
was for her.
But in the end...
I don't know.
Sh-she knew that.
She did.
You think she forgives me?
For what?
I don't know.
All kinds of things.
None of this came easy,
you know.
Can't stop thinkin' about 'em.
My brothers.
What kinda men they'd be
if they had the chance.
What they'd think of me...
now.
Yeah, I th...
I think about that too.
My family...
I miss 'em.
Yeah, I r-- I really miss 'em.
Yeah.
Here, take the rest.
You know I couldn't've done any
of this shit without ya, right?
You know that?
Bringin' Link into the fold,
I didn't see it at first, but...
it was a smart move.
You did good, kid.
Thanks.
And thanks for, uh...
Thanks for taking a chance on me.
F-f...
For taking me in.
You're like...
You're f...
f-family to me.
You know?
Fuck.
Fuck, Vic.
You and me...
it's all that's left.
Now, I don't believe
in kismet or nothin'.
But...
It's good that we met.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
You've seen me at my lowest,
all this shit with my ma.
You've been there...
by my side, every fuckin' step.
But listen, kid.
I, uh...
I can't bring you with me
this time.
What do you mean?
I mean, that's the thing
about family.
Oz...
- It's your strength.
- Oz, what are you--
It drives you.
But fuck if it don't
make ya weak, too.
Oz! Oz!
And I can't have that no more.
Oz...
Please... Please...
I can't have that shit. I can't.
Oz... Oz... Oz...
- It's too much.
- Please...
- Too fuckin' much.
- Oz...
I'm sorry.
You're a good man, Vic.
You got a good heart.
It wasn't for nothin'.
I brought your mail.
Mostly the usual.
Rants, poems,
marriage proposals.
This one's different.
I think you should read it.
It's from a woman
named Selina Kyle.
She says she's your half-sister.
Sofia?
How we doin' today?
You feelin' any better?
You look better.
I know.
It's everything you wanted.
There she is.
Oswald.
You look beautiful.
Dance with me, sweetheart.
Tell me you love me.
I love you, Oswald.
Tell me you're proud of me.
I'm so proud of you.
I did it, Ma.
Didn't I?
Tell me I did it.
You did it. Mm-hmm.
Top floor, penthouse.
No one above ya or beside ya.
I knew you would.
My beautiful boy.
Gotham's yours, sweetheart.
Nothin' is standin'
in your way now.
God damn right.